Mention the required config section and its values in readme (#22)
CERT-Polska/karton-mwdb-reporter: README.md

First of all, make sure you have setup the core system: https://github.com/CERT-Polska/karton

Modify your `karton.ini` config to include information about your mwdb-core instance and reporter credentials:

```ini
[mwdb]
api_url = http://mwdb.my-awesome-org/api/
api_key = eyJhYWF....
```

> Instead of providing `api_key` you can also use `username`/`password` but keep in mind that the service will need to login into mwdb on each task and will work a bit slower.

Reviewer: I don't think it's true, login is used only in constructor and session refreshed from time to time.
```suggestion
Instead of providing `api_key` you can also use `username`/`password` but password-authenticated sessions are short-lived and service will need to re-auth from time to time.
```
